MTL-1661 add note to use a valid, reachable NTP server (#1247)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: install/bootstrap_livecd_remote_iso.md

      > **`NOTE`** for those more familiar with a CSM Install, this step may be skipped entirely by simple invoking pit-intas detailed in the [#first time](#bring---up-the-pit-services-and-validate-pit-health) section.

>       > **`NOTE`** ensure you select a reachable NTP pool/server passed in via the `--ntp-pools`/`--ntp-servers` flags, respectively.  Adding an uncreachable server can cause clock skew as chrony tries to continually reach out to a server it can never reach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      > **NOTE:** Ensure to select a reachable NTP pool/server passed in via the `--ntp-pools`/`--ntp-servers` flags, respectively. Adding an unreachable server can cause clock skew as chrony tries to continually reach out to a server it can never reach.
```
